
"Be good and stay put."
That's what my father's father had taught me. When I went fox hunting, I always chanted his words silently, so that my hands wouldn't shake when pulling the bowstring.
But just as I was about to release the arrow, the fox lifted its head and looked me straight in the eyes. It had eyes like the lake; glistening as if harboring fragments of gemstone within.
My head began spinning, as if a strong wind were blowing inside it. My arrow missed its target and instead smashed the ice, releasing the fox's tail. The fox raised its tail and looked at me once more before running off into the forest.
I came to my senses and started chasing it — but who in this world can run faster than a fox?
Gradually, the fox became smaller and smaller in my vision, until eventually it was nothing more than a tiny white spot in the distance.
"Hey! Don't go!"
I shouted, barely able to catch my breath.
The white spot slowed down after hearing my words.
"Is it waiting for me?"
I pondered.
"If it's running for its life, it can shake off anyone in no time."
Foxes are strange animals. Even when they are running on a flat plain like at Windrise, where one can see clearly for miles ahead, they somehow still seem to disappear from view.
It is as if they run into another world.
This led me to my conclusion:
"The fox must be waiting for me!"
Convinced of this fact, I chased the glittering white spot for hours on end. Suddenly, a chilling wind began to blow.
I stood there, shivering, and what I saw next astounded me.
"What am I seeing?"
Suddenly, instead of one, there were now two white spots in view.
More spots appeared. Three, four, five... They seemed to grow in number as the winds blew. Eventually, I lost track of how many white spots there were in total.
Suddenly, there was a stinging sensation in my eyes as those same white spots flew right into them. I rubbed my eyes and discovered that the white spots were in fact nothing more than floating dandelion seeds brought by the wind. The fox was gone.
I mocked myself for my foolishness and went home.
For supper, I had carrot and fox meat stew — though it was entirely devoid of fox or any other kind of meat. Only the archons could know how much I hate boiled carrots with no meat... Despite my ravenous hunger, I eventually got to sleep.
I woke up in the middle of the night to something stirring outside my door.