
In a boundless sea of dandelions that existed in the middle of nowhere, I watched as the dandelion seeds took off at the softest touch of the breeze. Suddenly, I knew the answer to that question that had been lingering on my mind for years.
"So, this is where all the foxes escaped to when they were being chased by hunters."
I thought.
"What a beautiful place."
But when I began teaching the little fox to speak our common tongue, my heart always felt empty; like a wind was blowing inside of me.
When we talked, I would look into her eyes, which to me looked like gemstones in a lake. In those moments I felt like I was speaking not to the fox, but to a girl I used to love many years ago.
That was why I felt a bit depressed when she was around me. It was like when someone you love has a baby; you may still get along, but you'll never feel the same again.
But the thought of her promise — if I succeeded in teaching her child to speak the common tongue...
"I shall impart our magic tricks to you when the time comes."
Remembering the way she made that solemn promise to me... I knew she was serious, and that gave me determination.
Could I morph into a flying bird once I'd mastered the tricks? How high would I be able to fly? Maybe I could also morph into a fish, and finally have the chance to go to Musk Reef.
"I could also hunt using magic!" I couldn't contain my excitement. "No more meatless carrot stews for me..."
I lost track of how long I stayed in the dandelion sea, where everything sways gently with the wind.
One reason was that the little one was such a fast learner! I taught him not only our language, but everything I knew in one package, including how to count, how to grow carrots, how to change windows panes, and how to sharpen knives.
We chatted when we took breaks.
"Why must you learn human speech?"
He answered swiftly:
"So that I can befriend the humans, of course!"
I continued to ask:
"Why would you want to befriend the humans?"
He dropped his gaze.